# NUSA WP Base Theme

This repo is a base theme for starting projects by our Web Dev team. It includes industry and team folder and file structure.

When starting a project you ***must*** replace any instances of `NUSA`, `nusa`, etc inside the theme to reflect the project at hand.

---

## Features:
- Gulp setup
- `src` folder is where your SASS/SCSS and JS file development should occur
- `assets` folder and it's contents are generated by the gulp setup
- Override the project URL by creating a file in the root of the theme `gulp.config.local.js` with an object containing your local `projectURL`

---

## Available Gulp tasks:
*Note: You can run `npx gulp --tasks --depth=0` in the command line for a task list and information about them.* :scream:

- `sassLinter` - Lints the SASS files to keep the team working on the project consistent and avoid conflicts.
- `css` - Run the processing of all SASS files -> CSS to deliver to the user.
- `jsLint` - Lint the JS files with [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) so that our code is constent and our team uses up to date code standards.
- `js` - Process and compile the JavaScript files into our `/assets/` folder for delivery.
- `styles` - Executes CSS related tasks in **series** order (`sassLinter` -> `css`).
- `scripts` - Executes JavaScript related tasks in **series** order (`jsLint` -> `js`).
- `build` - Executes the `styles` and `scripts` tasks in **parallel** order.
- `dev` - Runs the `build` task, `browsersync` task, and watches files to continuously run the tasks above when the appropriate files are updated (Defined as the `default` task as well).
  - The `browsersync` task is not exported so that it can be called via the command line.


---

## Must includes:
- Gulp file setup
- Basic theme setup in `./inc/class-nusa-theme-setup`
- ESLint and SASSLint rules are based on our team and industry standards, do not change these.

---

## Can be removed/deleted or changed:
- Widgets setup inside the theme. The files present are here as an example.
- Customizer setup. The project might not call for it, but again the files are here as example.

---

## Things you might think are missing but are not:
- **Image optimization in Gulp**: This should be done manually because you do not always want to apply the exact same optimization to all images. Refer to [our dev tools](https://github.com/NationalUniversitySystem/nusa-dev-tools#image-compression) for options.

---

## Notes
- It is recommended not to clone this repo. Any `git pull` will mess up your files so download this instead.

## TODO
- Bash or other type of script to replace `NUSA`, `nusa`, etc in the theme.
